                                        Human Software License 1.0

    Also specified as HSL 1.0

    This is an open source software license that extends the **Apache Software License version 2.0**, 
    which henceforth will be referred to as ASF 2.0!  This license does not modify anything in ASF 2.0,
    only adds to it. 

    To use software under this license you are accepting and agreeing to the following:

    1. All human beings on the planet are equal and have equal rights! This independent of sex and
       sexual preference! 

    2. We all started in Africa and many in time walked out of Africa and spread out over the world.
      (Note here that I'm trying to keep religion out of this! That we, homo sapiens started in Africa 
      have been proven and is considered fact! So if you believe that a God created us, then that 
      happened in Africa! Svante Pääbo got the "Nobel Price" for tracking humanity out of Africa 
      into the  world using DNA!)

    3. Skin color is dependent on where on the planet our ancestors decided to live for a longer time.

       The closer to the equator the stronger the Sun! The Stronger the Sun, the darker skin need to 
       be, to protect against the Sun. The further from the equator our ancestors decided to live, the 
       lighter the skin needs to be to be able to produce Vitamin D from the Sun. 

          An example: The first people that settled in what is today Sweden (mostly covered in ice 
          at the time), was dark skinned and blue-eyed. Over time Swedes skin got lighter and 
          lighter due to being this far north. Being light skinned today allows Swedes to produce 
          Vitamin D from the Sun at this place on the planet where Swedes decided to live. 

      Skin color is not about race! It is just an adaption to the environment we live in!

    4. Global warming - This is a serious problem that can not be ignored!

    5. No government what so ever, have the right to kill its own citizens!

   
    Every one are allowed to have their opinion, but not every one are allowed to use software under 
    this license, since that requires agreeing to these points! By using free open source software 
    under this license, you are saying that you are in full agreement with these statements!

    ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

    To use this license just copy the above text and put it in a comment at the top of source files.

    In addition to that include a copy of this text in a text file included with the software.

    Since this license extends the Apache Software License 2.0 also include a copy of that!

    This license also allows to put the License text in annotations for languages that support such 
    instead of copying the license text as as source a comments. For JVM languages this means the text 
    also might be available in binaries. This allowed, not required, just an option!  So source files 
    without license comment, but license annotation instead are as valid!


